Warn when Epochs events fall outside the raw data range (#12989) (#14004)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/14004.bugfix.rst

> When creating :class:`mne.Epochs`, a warning is now emitted if any ``events`` have sample numbers outside the recorded data, since the corresponding epochs are otherwise silently dropped; this is configurable via the new ``on_outside`` parameter (``'raise'`` | ``'warn'`` | ``'ignore'``), by `Cedric Conday`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ``on_outside`` parameter to :class:`mne.Epochs` and :class:`mne.EpochsArray` classes to control the behaviour when events exist outside the data range. The options are to ``'warn'`` (new default), ``'raise'``, or ``'ignore'`` (old behaviour), by `Cedric Conday`_.
```

Suggest rewording this. Also, this isn't really a bugfix. I'd say `newfeature` is more appropriate.
